README.md, before:

# Notify PaaS Route Service

This application contains a simple Nginx application which acts as a proxy for all Notify PaaS web applications and provides an IP restriction layer

All PaaS traffic will go through the route service therefore we can completely protect and/or filter traffic with this service.

## Requirements

* Cloud Foundry CLI (https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/cf-cli/install-go-cli.html)
* The manifest template is generated using jinja. You can install this using `pip install jinja2-cli`

For all actions you should always have to make sure you selected the space you intend to target.

## Deployment

The default application name is "route-service". If you want to change this (or you want to deploy multiple route services), set the PAAS_APP_NAME environment variable for the make commands.

The default domain name is "cloudapps.digital". If you want to change this (or you want to bind to different domains), set the PAAS_DOMAIN environment variable for the make commands.

The secret values are read from the notifications-credentials repository using pass, so you have to set the NOTIFY_CREDENTIALS environment variable to your local credentials repository path. The values are read from `credentials/http_auth/notify/password`.

The instance count can be set with the PAAS_INSTANCES environment variable (1 by default).

## Deploying the route service application

If you're deploying the very first time, simply run:

```
make <PaaS space> cf-push
```

For zero-downtime deployments use the following command:

```
make <PaaS space> cf-deploy
```

If the zero-downtime deployment couldn't finish you can rollback to the previous version:

```
make <PaaS space> cf-rollback
```

## Registering the application as a user-provided service

You only need to do this once per PaaS space.

```
make <PaaS space> cf-create-route-service
```

## Register the application as a route-service for a route

You only need to do this once per PaaS space and for all routes.

```
make <PaaS space> <app_name> cf-bind-route-service
```

Where `app_name` either `admin` or `api` which will bind the `www.` or `api.` subdomain respectively.

## Complete installation example

In this example we are deploying the route service to preview and binding two applications to it, which are accessible on app-01.cloudapps.digital and app-02.cloudapps.digital.

```
# First installation:
make preview paas-push
make preview paas-create-route-service

# Run this for every applicaton once
make preview paas-bind-route-service PAAS_ROUTE=app-01
make preview paas-bind-route-service PAAS_ROUTE=app-02

# For any future deployments only run:
make preview paas-deploy
```

Commit message:

Tidy up readme and remove references to production
We don't currently appear to run this in production so I've updated the
docs to reflect this based on our current knowledge of what this app does
(based on our small knowledge as we rarely touch this app).

README.md, after:

# Notify PaaS Route Service

This is a Nginx application which is a proxy for all apps that run on the PaaS and restricts access to them by IP address.

If a user's IP address is not in our allowed list then we can instead allow access using a username and password.

We currently use this in preview and staging to make sure only our team can access our preview and staging environments.

## Requirements

* Cloud Foundry CLI (https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/cf-cli/install-go-cli.html)
* Jinja CLI. You can install this using `pip install jinja2-cli`.

## Deployment

The default application name is "route-service". If you want to change this (or you want to deploy multiple route services), set the PAAS_APP_NAME environment variable for the make commands.

The default domain name is "cloudapps.digital". If you want to change this (or you want to bind to different domains), set the PAAS_DOMAIN environment variable for the make commands.

The secret values are read from the notifications-credentials repository using pass, so you have to set the NOTIFY_CREDENTIALS environment variable to your local credentials repository path. The values are read from `credentials/http_auth/notify/password`.

The instance count can be set with the PAAS_INSTANCES environment variable (1 by default).

## Deploying the route service application

If you're deploying the very first time, simply run:

```
make <PaaS space> cf-push
```

For zero-downtime deployments use the following command:

```
make <PaaS space> cf-deploy
```

If the zero-downtime deployment couldn't finish you can rollback to the previous version:

```
make <PaaS space> cf-rollback
```

## Registering the application as a user-provided service

You only need to do this once per PaaS space.

```
make <PaaS space> cf-create-route-service
```

## Register the application as a route-service for a route

You only need to do this once per PaaS space and for all routes.

```
make <PaaS space> <app_name> cf-bind-route-service
```

Where `app_name` either `admin` or `api` which will bind the `www.` or `api.` subdomain respectively.

## Complete installation example

In this example we are deploying the route service to preview and binding two applications to it, which are accessible on app-01.cloudapps.digital and app-02.cloudapps.digital.

```
# First installation:
make preview paas-push
make preview paas-create-route-service

# Run this for every applicaton once
make preview paas-bind-route-service PAAS_ROUTE=app-01
make preview paas-bind-route-service PAAS_ROUTE=app-02

# For any future deployments only run:
make preview paas-deploy
```
